DisableIfArgument (#368)
junit-pioneer/junit-pioneer: docs/disable-if-parameter.adoc

> :page-title: Disable Parameterized Test Based on Parameter Values

Reviewer: Why (almost) all uppercase? 
edit: I see - we do it everywhere.... /edit

:page-description: Extends JUnit Jupiter with `@DisableIfParameter`, which selectively disables parameterized tests

The `@DisableIfParameter` annotation can be used to selectively disable parameterized tests based on their parameter values (converted with `toString()`).
The annotation is only supported on test method level for parameterized tests.

> Unlike the `@Disabled` API provided in JUnit Jupiter, which disables the test on first encounter of the annotation , `@DisableIfParameter` is validated before each parameterized test execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `@Disabled` API provided in JUnit Jupiter, which disables the test on first encounter of the annotation, `@DisableIfParameter` is validated before each execution of a parameterized test .
```
Aside the wrong space, I think this is better to understand.

> As a consequence, instead of disabling the entire set of parameterized tests, each test can be evaluated and possibly disabled individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, instead of disabling the entire set of parameterized tests, each test is evaluated and possibly disabled individually.
```

[source,java]
----
// disable invocations whose parameter contains "she"
@DisableIfParameter(contains = "she")
@ParameterizedTest
@ValueSource(strings = {
        "Tread lightly, she is near",
        "Under the snow,",
        "Speak gently, she can hear",
        "The daisies grow."
})
void interceptContains(String line) {
}
----

The test `interceptContains` ordinarily would run four times, but because the first and third lines contain the word "she", those invocations get disabled.

You can specify more than one substring at a time:

[source,java]
----
@DisableIfParameter(contains = { "bright", "dust" })
@ParameterizedTest
@CsvSource(delimiter = ';', value = {
        "All her bright golden hair;Tarnished with rust,",
        "She that was young and fair;Fallen to dust."
})
void interceptContainsAny(String line, String line2) {
}
----

`DisableIfParameter` will disable the test invocation if any parameter value matches any value from `contains`.
In this case, the test `interceptContainsAny` should have run two times, but both invocations got disabled.

> The first invocation because the first parameter contains "bright".
> The second invocation because the second parameter contains "dust".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first invocation got disabled, because the first parameter contains "bright".
The second execution got skipped, because the other parameter contains "dust".
```

> If substrings are not powerful enough, you can also use regular expressions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If substrings are not powerful enough, you can also use regular expressions, using the `matches` value:
```

[source,java]
----
// disable invocations whose parameter ends with 'knew' or 'grew'
@DisableIfParameter(matches = { ".*knew", ".*grew" })
@ParameterizedTest
@ValueSource(strings = {
        "Lily-like, white as snow,",
        "She hardly knew",
        "She was a woman, so",
        "Sweetly she grew"
})
void interceptMatches(String value) {
}
----

The second invocation has a parameter that ends with "knew", so it gets disabled.
The fourth invocation has a parameter that ends with "grew", so it gets disabled.

Just like with `contains`, if any parameter value matches any expression from `matches`, the invocation gets disabled.

> You can use both, in which case a test is disabled if any parameter value contains a substring _or_ matches an expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also combine both options.
When doing so, test is disabled if any parameter value contains a substring _or_ matches an expression:
```

[source,java]
----
@ParameterizedTest
@DisableIfParameter(
        contains = { "sonnet", "life" },
        matches = "^.*(.+)\\1.*$")
@ValueSource(strings = {
        "Peace, Peace, she cannot hear",
        "Lyre or sonnet,",
        "All my life’s buried here,",
        "Heap earth upon it."
})
void interceptBoth(String value) {
}

> ----

Reviewer: To align this tests with the others, and because the regex is not so easy to read like the ones above I would suggest to also add an explanation, which tests are executed and which are not.
